# Overview
This repository has 3 file types:
* drills in CSV format.  See row 4 of a DRLxxx.csv file for the column titles
* workouts in CSV format (WORKxxx.csv).  001 is the Boomer demonstration showing the capabilities using custom short drills.
* ui_drill_selection_lists.py: read by the python user interface code to define lists of drills and workouts.  These lists define which drills will be shown per category.

# Drill file format
* Row 1: the drill name
* Row 2: a description of the drill.  In the future the number of throws and other aspects of drill will be generated by the UI based on an analysis of the throws.
* Row 3: a sound file name.  In the future, it may be beneficial to have this a list of files so that instructions can be strung together
* Row 4: the column names - which are the parameters described next:
   * note: there is a leading comment to create a first column which can be used to comment out the row instead of deleting it.
* Row 5 and on: the parameters for the throw, as follows:
   * unused: a blank column
   * SHOT_TYPE: i.e. topspin, flat, chip, etc.  The names for the SHOT_TYPEs are defined in calc_ball.h
   * ROTARY_TYPE: i.e. angle from center, various random ranges. The names for the ROTARY_TYPEs are defined in calc_ball.h
   * LEVEL: 2.0 to 7.0, by 0.5 increments
   * DELAY: Time before next ball in drill is thrown in .1 seconds.
   * SCORE_METHOD: Optional target, like DEEP_AD_COURT
   * COMMENT: Optional.  A sound file name if desired.
   * If the SHOT_TYPE is CUSTOM then then following 3 parameters are required.  The min & max for these parameters are defined in drill.h
      * SPEED: in MPH
      * ELEVATION: in degrees
      * SPIN: ? units,  currently the min is -3000 and max is 3000
   * If SHOT_TYPE is not CUSTOM, the speed, elevation, and spin are set based on the SHOT_TYPE and the LEVEL

Beep drills have drill numbers in the 900-949 range. For beep drills, only 2 rows should be defined - rows 5 & 6. The drill state machine alternates between these 2 rows and decreases the 

# Workout file format
* Row 1: the workout name
* Row 2: a description of the workout. 
* Row 3: a sound file name.
* Row 4: the column names, e.g. ,DRILL,MINUTES,PRE_COMMENT
* Row 5 and on: the parameters for the workout step:
   * unused: a blank column
   * Drill name
   * number of minutes to run the drill.  A zero means run the whole drill and then proceed to the next drill
   * PRE_COMMENT: a sound file name.

# Drill numbering convention

* 1-399: factory programmed drills; not to be modified by the user
* 401-699: Custom, site specific drills, not stored in this repository
* 761-780: Preset Calibration test drills
* 781-800: Preset Calibration drills
* 801-812: Test servoing for each ball type
* 813-820: more testing of servoing
* 821-850: Drills used for demo workout (WORK001)
* 901-912: Preset Beep drills
* 912-979: TBD Custom Beep drills
* 980-999: drills used in regression testing

Drills other than 401-699 are stored in this repository

Preset beep drills:
* 901-905: mini-tennis: very easy, easy, medium, hard, very hard
* 906: volley
* 907: topspin
* 908: flat
* 909: loop
* 910: chip
* 911: random
* 912: net

The drill_load.h file has the following drill range defines used by both the launcher code and the UI:
```
#define BEEP_DRILL_NUMBER_START
#define BEEP_DRILL_NUMBER_END
#define THROWER_CALIB_DRILL_NUMBER_START
```

